Documentation for On Premise Deployment with External Managed Services (#7516)
chef/automate: components/docs-chef-io/content/automate/ha_onprim_deployment_procedure.md

postgresql_private_ips = ["D1.D2.D3.D4","E1.E2.E3.E4","F1.F2.F3.F4"]
```

> ### Minimum changes to be made for On Premise Deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Minimum changes to be made for On-Premise Deployment
```

- `opensearch_private_ips` Eg: ["192.0.2.1", "192.0.2.2", "192.0.2.2"]
- `postgresql_private_ips` Eg: ["192.0.3.1", "192.0.3.2", "192.0.3.2"]

> ## On Premise Setup with AWS Managed Services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## On-Premise Setup with AWS Managed Services.
```

### Prerequisites

> - Follow the Prerequisites for On Premise deployment. Click [here](https://docs.chef.io/automate/ha_onprim_deployment_procedure/#prerequisites).

Reviewer: Chang `On Premise` to 'On-Premise' wherever applicable

> - You can exclude the creation of instances for OpenSearch and Postgresql as you will be using AWS OpenSearch and AWS RDS Postgresql.

Reviewer 2: reframe the sentence. This deployment excludes the installation for PG and OS as we are using the AWS Managed services.

- Setup AWS RDS Postgresql 13.5. Click [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/CHAP_GettingStarted.CreatingConnecting.PostgreSQL.html) to know more. Make sure to open the required port in Security Groups while creating AWS RDS Postgresql.
- Setup AWS OpenSearch 1.2. Click [here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/createupdatedomains.html) to know more.
- For Backup and Restore with Managed Service. Click [here](/automate/managed_services/#prerequisites) to know more.

> - Create the Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) in AWS before starting or using default. Click [here](/automate/ha_vpc_setup/) to know more about VPC and CIDR creation.

Reviewer: Create the Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) in AWS or use the default one

> - Get AWS credetials (`aws_access_key_id` and `aws_secret_access_key`) which have privileges like: `AmazonS3FullAccess`, `AdministratorAccess`. Click [here](/automate/ha_iam_user/) to know more on how to create IAM Users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get AWS credentials (`aws_access_key_id` and `aws_secret_access_key`) which have privileges that includes: `AmazonS3FullAccess`, and `AdministratorAccess`. Click [here](/automate/ha_iam_user/) to know more about how to create IAM Users.
```

> - Get AWS credetials (`aws_access_key_id` and `aws_secret_access_key`) which have privileges like: `AmazonS3FullAccess`, `AdministratorAccess`, `AmazonAPIGatewayAdministrator`. Click [here](/automate/ha_iam_user/) to know more on how to create IAM Users.

Reviewer 2: why this(AmazonAPIGatewayAdministrator) is required ?

See the steps [here](https://docs.chef.io/automate/ha_onprim_deployment_procedure/#run-these-steps-on-bastion-host-machine) to run on Bastion to download latest Automate CLI and Airgapped Bundle.

Update Config with relevant data. Click [here](/automate/ha_onprim_deployment_procedure/#sample-config-to-setup-on-premise-deployment-with-aws-managed-services) for sample config of AWS Managed Services.

- Set AWS Config Details:

>     - Provide instance count as `0` for [opensearch.config] and [postgresql.config] and leave the values of opensearch_private_ips and postgresql_private_ips as empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Provide instance count as `0` for both [opensearch.config] and [postgresql.config] and leave the values of opensearch_private_ips and postgresql_private_ips empty array.
```

>     - Set `type` as `aws`, As these deployment steps are for Managed Services AWS Deployment. The default value is blank, which should be changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Set `type` as `aws`, as these deployment steps are for Managed Services AWS Deployment. The default value is blank.
```

    - Set `instance_url`, `superuser_username`, `superuser_password`, `dbuser_username`, `dbuser_password` from the **Managed AWS RDS Postgresql** created in the Prerequisite steps.
    - Set `instance_url` as the URL with Port No. For example: `"database-1.c2kvay.eu-north-1.rds.amazonaws.com:5432"`
    - Set `opensearch_domain_name`, `opensearch_domain_url`, `opensearch_username`, `opensearch_user_password` from the **Managed AWS OpenSearch** created in the Prerequisite steps.

>     - Set `opensearch_domain_url` as the URL without Port No. For example: `"vpc-automate-ha-cbyqy5q.eu-north-1.es.amazonaws.com"`.

Author: In case of AWS Managed Services, port no is not required

# eg: postgresql_root_cert = "<cert_content>"
postgresql_root_cert = ""
[external.database.open_search]
# eg: managed_opensearch_domain_name = "managed-services-os"
opensearch_domain_name = ""
# eg: opensearch_domain_url = "search-managed-services-os-eckom3msrwqlmjlgbdu.us-east-1.es.amazonaws.com"
opensearch_domain_url = ""
# eg: opensearch_username = "admin"
opensearch_username = ""
# eg: opensearch_user_password = "Progress@123"
opensearch_user_password = ""
# In case of AWS managed opensearch leave it blank
# eg: opensearch_root_cert = "<cert_content>"
opensearch_root_cert = ""
[external.database.open_search.aws]
# eg: aws_os_snapshot_role_arn = "arn:aws:iam::1127583934333:role/managed-services"
aws_os_snapshot_role_arn = ""
# eg: os_snapshot_user_access_key_id = "AKIA..........PQS7Q7A"
os_snapshot_user_access_key_id = ""
# eg: os_snapshot_user_access_key_secret = "skP4Mqihj....................anAXAX"
os_snapshot_user_access_key_secret = ""
```

## On-Premise Setup with Self Managed Services

### Prerequisites

- Follow the Prerequisites for On-Premise deployment. Click [here](https://docs.chef.io/automate/ha_onprim_deployment_procedure/#prerequisites).

> - This deployment excludes the installation for Postgresql and OpenSearch as we are using the Self Managed services.

Reviewer: Make it a note

See the steps [here](https://docs.chef.io/automate/ha_onprim_deployment_procedure/#run-these-steps-on-bastion-host-machine) to run on Bastion to download latest Automate CLI and Airgapped Bundle.

Update Config with relevant data. Click [here](/automate/ha_onprim_deployment_procedure/#sample-config-to-setup-on-premise-deployment-with-self-managed-services) for sample config for Self Managed Services.

- Set Self Managed Config Details:

>     - Provide instance count as `0` for [opensearch.config] and [postgresql.config] and leave the values of opensearch_private_ips and postgresql_private_ips as empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Provide instance count as `0` for both [opensearch.config] and [postgresql.config] and leave the values of opensearch_private_ips and postgresql_private_ips empty array.
```

>     - Set `type` as `self-managed`, As these deployment steps are for Managed Services AWS Deployment. The default value is blank, which should be changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Set `type` as `self-managed`, As these deployment steps are for Managed Services AWS Deployment. The default value is blank.
```

>     - Set `instance_url`, `superuser_username`, `superuser_password`, `dbuser_username`, `dbuser_password` of your Self Managed RDS.

Reviewer 3: for your Self Managed RDS.

    - Set `instance_url` as the URL with Port No. For example: `"10.1.2.189:7432"`.
    - Provide the Root ca value of Postgresql `postgresql_root_cert`.

>     - Set `opensearch_domain_name`, `opensearch_domain_url`, `opensearch_username`, `opensearch_user_password` of your Self Managed OpenSearch.

Reviewer 3: for your Self Managed OpenSearch.

dbuser_username = ""
# eg: dbuser_password = "Progress123"
dbuser_password = ""
# In case of AWS managed RDS leave it blank
# eg: postgresql_root_cert = "<cert_content>"
postgresql_root_cert = ""
[external.database.open_search]
# eg: managed_opensearch_domain_name = "chefnode"
opensearch_domain_name = ""
# eg: opensearch_domain_url = "A.B.C.D:9200"
opensearch_domain_url = ""
# eg: opensearch_username = "admin"
opensearch_username = ""
# eg: opensearch_user_password = "Progress@123"
opensearch_user_password = ""
# In case of AWS managed opensearch leave it blank
# eg: opensearch_root_cert = "<cert_content>"
opensearch_root_cert = ""
[external.database.open_search.aws]
# eg: aws_os_snapshot_role_arn = "arn:aws:iam::1127583934333:role/managed-services"
aws_os_snapshot_role_arn = ""
# eg: os_snapshot_user_access_key_id = "AKIA..........PQS7Q7A"
os_snapshot_user_access_key_id = ""
# eg: os_snapshot_user_access_key_secret = "skP4Mqihj....................anAXAX"
os_snapshot_user_access_key_secret = ""
```
### How To Add More Nodes to the On-Prem Deployment

- Open the `config.toml` at bastion node
- Change the `instance_count` value, as explained in below example.

> - Add the `Ip address` for the respetive node at the end, as explained in the example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the IP address for the respective node at the end, as explained in the example.
```

> - Make sure that all the necesssary port and fire wall setting are align in the new node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make sure that all the necessary ports and firewall settings are aligned in the new node.
```
